I just want to say that it's probably my
this is my third year doing it and and
Donny knows been working for most about
why do it or not openly have reason why
do I think mine is just more just giving
back just love people the love that i
received a news magazine or West Kim
Muir and Asian now trying to come back
home so i dinna joy joy myself so I can
relax let my hair down and I'm able to
do that when I come back home so with
all this day's not like to not only the
panel back no all fabulous you know me
anything just enjoy your Thanksgiving
and I think it was very short for us to
pray over this food because there's a
lot of reasons between clinical
and no there's God and believe in God
that that he's gonna bring to bring you
out a lot of things that we go through
in life and actually a true blessing of
that could not be able to live my life
so with all that you're not very sorry
preacher but I think what you know about
right but i can tell you before
like you stand out I said well for us
three weeks of his name was his time he
can't really talk with our kids and I'm
not ready for a long time I didn't like
no I was kind of nervous about how many
be around the kids which of all time
that wasn't it talking about life but
how he successful everything was about
filled by tonight and it really kind of
helped it really kind of a little weak
I'm say that tubing it's a lot everyone
ran hostage so we are incapable cutting
up the others first working for the team
and what will the right thing and
working hard and he is
they get really excited its people I
just couldn't sit around and do nothing
so they want to come
selling way
put a lot of hard hard work sacrifice
with these guys for the week 32 on crime
matches on crowd no I don't know what my
purpose in life is but the more that a
praying mother of a new mother that told
me to reach and find God myself my
purpose in life God brought me here on
football player and he brought me here
to teach and what I'd be able to teach
us is the things that I've been through
the things that I know what they didn't
know was I know
right name it always comes back to you
but the dream I gave them everything
that I could possibly give them for
three weeks it didn't work out I thought
they can win the championship but it
didn't happen out so the reason why I'm
crying I'm proudest because they this is
I told them they owe me nothing in
return so this is basically them pay me
back by coming up here and helping me
out only one of the holidays of our year
so I'm happy to see you all idea what i
was going to do football and they know
how hard I've trained know how hard are
trained I just gave up football because
football is not me football but I do
okay I'm a loving father I'm a loving
son okay and I do
football players is something my
children do and if that's what they said
he said I was pretty good at so I'm just
leaving it there no that's it man I need
to talk to y'all set it off but I just
have something for my boys started and
sent out this helping hand like I said
yo nobody really anything nothing can
shake a hug but thank you got a better
take it wait until ever know so I just
wanted to pretty much any time poison
for me to go back to your cars or I was
going to get it and like I said I
appreciate on how many families being
representative thing and hopefully you
enjoy your Thanksgiving so thanks for
coming out everybody I don't not going
to have everybody lined up but the toys
about fishing in the first scene